Quiz Results
check out your statistics.
Total
32
Correct
14
Failed
18
Score
44
Replication Controllers and Replicasets
Which of the following is the default deployment strategy in Kubernetes deployments?

RollingUpdate

What is the command to delete a ReplicaSets triage?

kubectl delete rs triage

You performed an upgrade of images on a deployment recently. You’d like to check what command was run during the last update. However the output of the rollout history command does not show the command. What may be the cause?

The command run to upgrade did not use the –record flag.

What kubectl command can be used to perform a Deployment update?

kubectl set image

How do you scale replica sets? Select all the answers that apply.

Update the number of replicas in the replicaset-definition.yaml definition file and apply., Update using the kubectl scale command.

What is the command to delete a replication controller nginx?

kubectl delete rc nginx

What is the command to update the deployment in Kubernetes? Let’s update the nginx Pods to use the nginx:1.16.1 image instead of the nginx:1.14.2 image.

kubectl set image deployment.v1.apps/nginx-deployment nginx=nginx:1.16.1, kubectl set image deployment/nginx-deployment nginx=nginx:1.16.1,kubectl edit deployment.v1.apps/nginx-deployment

Which of the following are the deployment strategy types in Kubernetes?

RollingUpdate , Recreate

Which of the following statements about Kubernetes deployments are correct?

You describe a desired state in a Deployment, and the Deployment Controller changes the actual state to the desired state at a controlled rate.,You can define Deployments to create new ReplicaSets, or to remove existing Deployments and adopt all their resources with new Deployments., You should not manually update the ReplicaSets owned by a Deployment.

Which statement best describes deployment in Kubernetes? Select all the answers that apply.

Deployments create ReplicaSets that create PODs.,Deployments support rolling updates and roll backs of applications.

Which statements best describe replication controllers and replica sets? Select all answers that apply.

Replication Controller is the older technology that is being replaced by a ReplicaSet., The replication controller supports equality based selectors whereas the replica set supports equality based as well as set based selectors.,ReplicaSet is the new way to set up replication.

If .spec.strategy.type is set to RollingUpdate, then all new PODs are created first and then all existing pods are killed at once.

False

Where do you configure the pod images in the deployment YAML file?

spec.template.spec.containers.image

What is the flag that you use along with “kubectl create” to scale a deployment in Kubernetes?

–replicas

The label selector is the core grouping primitive in Kubernetes. What kind of selectors are supported?

Equality-Based , Set-Based

What is the command used to view previous rollout revisions and configurations?

kubectl rollout history

What is the command to get the list of deployments. Select all the answers that apply.

kubectl get deploy ,kubectl get deployment ,kubectl get deployments,kubectl get deployments.apps

Where do you configure the selector labels in the deployment YAML file?

spec.selector

ETCD by default listens on port 2780.

False

How do you add labels to a pod in a pod definition YAML file?

metadata.labels

Which statement best describes the readiness probe?

The kubelet uses readiness probes to know when a container is ready to start accepting traffic.,The Readiness probes run on the container during its whole lifecycle.

Which of the following are the deployment strategy types in Kubernetes?

Recreate, RollingUpdate

Which among the following statements are true without any change made to the default behaviour of network policies in the namespace?

As soon as a network policy is associated with a POD all ingress and egress traffic to that POD are denied except those allowed by the network policy

The command and arguments that you define in the Kubernetes definition file override the default command and arguments configured in the container image.

True

What is a component of the Kubernetes control plane that allows external users or services to manage the Kubernetes cluster?

Kube API Server

Which of the below are the container orchestration tools?

Kubernetes ,Docker Swarm , Apache Mesos

You can pass in the --from-file argument multiple times to create a ConfigMap from multiple data sources.

True

Which of the following are the container runtimes that Kubernetes supports?

Docker ,Containerd ,CRI-O

Where do you configure the pod images in the deployment YAML file?

spec.template.spec.containers.image

What kubectl command can be used to perform a Deployment update?

kubectl set image

Where do you configure the selector labels in the deployment YAML file?

spec.selector


What is the default range of ports that Kubernetes uses for NodePort if one is not specified?

30000-32767

A NodePort service exposes a deployment only on the nodes on which the PODs of that deployment are running.

False

Which of the following are valid service types in Kubernetes?

NodePort ,ClusterIP ,LoadBalancer, ExternalName

Each container inside a POD gets its own IP address assigned

False

What is the command to delete a Kubernetes service?

kubectl delete svc SERVICE-NAME , kubectl delete services SERVICE-NAME

A user is trying to access the application using the Nodes IP and Port number. What port must the user try to connect to?

39376

Which of the below statements are correct?

Traffic to port 39376 on all nodes in the cluster is routed to port 9376 on a random POD with the label app web, Traffic to port 80 on the service is routed to port 9376 on a random POD with the label app web

What port on the PODs is the web service most likely exposed on?

9376

For this service to discover the web service, what must be the label set on the PODs hosting the web service?

app: web

Which of the following statements best describes Kubernetes network policies?

If you want to control traffic flow at the IP address or port level, then you might consider using Kubernetes NetworkPolicies.,NetworkPolicies are an application-centric construct which allow you to specify how a pod is allowed to communicate with various network “entities” over the network, Network Policies are implemented by the network plugin, Pods become isolated by having a NetworkPolicy that selects them

The kubelet uses liveness probes to know when a container is ready to start accepting traffic.

False

What are the different types of probes?

Command ,HTTP ,TCP

Which statement best describes the readiness probe?

The kubelet uses readiness probes to know when a container is ready to start accepting traffic.,The readiness probes run on the container during it’s entire lifecycle.

Which of the following would be the result/state of a probe? Select the all right answers

SUCCESS ,FAILURE ,UNKNOWN

The traffic from a web server fetching data from a database server may be categorized as

Egress

Which statement best describes the liveness probe?

The kubelet uses liveness probes to know when to restart a container, The liveness probes may be configured with an HTTP test to check if a container is live.

Which of the following solutions support network policies?

kube-router , Calico ,Weave-Net



What is the command to view the version of docker engine installed?

docker version

What component of the docker architecture is responsible for managing containers on Linux on version 1.15 of Docker Engine?

LibContainer

What are the 2 specifications from OCI?

runtime-spec,image-spec

Which component is responsible for keeping the containers alive when the Docker Daemon goes down?

Containerd-Shim
